README.md, before:

# Next.js Project Setup

This project is built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) and bootstrapped using [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Prerequisites

1. Install [nvm (Node Version Manager)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)
2. Install Node.js version 23.1.0:
   ```bash
   nvm install 23.1.0
   nvm use 23.1.0
   ```
3. Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation):
   ```bash
   npm install -g pnpm
   ```

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

2. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a custom font for Vercel projects.

## Contributing

Before contributing to this project, please review our [git guidelines](git-guidelines.md) for information on our development workflow and best practices.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, check out these resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

Contributions to the [Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) are welcome!

## Contributing

For guidelines on how to contribute to this project, please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Deploy on Vercel

For easy deployment, use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Refer to the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for detailed instructions.

Commit message:

feature toggle - hide workshops and sponsors

README.md, after:

# Next.js Project Setup

This project is built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) and bootstrapped using [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Prerequisites

1. Install [nvm (Node Version Manager)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm)
2. Install Node.js version 23.1.0:
   ```bash
   nvm install 23.1.0
   nvm use 23.1.0
   ```
3. Install [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation):
   ```bash
   npm install -g pnpm
   ```
4. Configure your environment variables in the Vercel dashboard (Optional - This feature is added to hide some in development pages on production):
   - Set `AGENDA_ENABLED`, `WORKSHOPS_ENABLED`, and `SPONSORS_ENABLED` to control feature flags.

## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

2. Run the development server:

   ```bash
   pnpm dev
   ```

3. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a custom font for Vercel projects.

## Contributing

Before contributing to this project, please review our [git guidelines](git-guidelines.md) for information on our development workflow and best practices.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, check out these resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

Contributions to the [Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) are welcome!

## Contributing

For guidelines on how to contribute to this project, please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Deploy on Vercel

For easy deployment, use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Refer to the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for detailed instructions.
